hello darkness my old friend
[Music]
who like that there are other kinds of
trolls our ancestors created six strings
each for different type of music
[Music]
techno
country and rock I'm gonna unite the six
strings and destroy all music except so
I'm gonna need your string we have to
unite all the trolls and if we don't
stop her who will we're gonna need a
battle plan and weapons violence never
solves a problem
is this some kind of jewel it was
actually kind of cool looking the only
weapons we need aren't this girl this
guy her hug this is gonna take a lot of
this is a terrible idea that will blow
up in your face the country trolls look
friendly
does anyone else think this is crazy
I think I can see our house from up here
[Music]
my whole body's makeup yeah throw in
your face Lisa no honey and daddy
[Music]